Readme update (#1636)
paypal/paypal-checkout-components: README.md

### flow

```
npm run flow
```

Checks for typing issues using [Flow](https://flow.org/). Prior to running this task, `flow-typed` should be run to [generate type interfaces](https://github.com/flow-typed/flow-typed) for the various 3rd-party libraries we use.

### karma

```bash
npm run karma

npm run karma -- --keep-open
# keeps the test browser window open to allow debugging
npm run karma -- --capture-console
# dumps the browser's console output into the terminal
```

Runs [Karma](https://mochajs.org/) tests using the [Mocha](https://mochajs.org/) framework. Responsible for running the [test/e2e](./test/e2e/) & [test/integration](./test/integration) directories.

### jest-ssr

```bash
npm run jest-ssr
```

Checks for the correct rendering of components on the server-side using [Jest](https://jestjs.io/).

### jest-screenshot

```bash
npm run jest-screenshot
```

Uses [Puppeteer](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/puppeteer) & [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) to take screenshots and checks against existing views to look for discrepancies. Tests are defined in [test/screenshot/config.js](./test/screenshot/config.js).

### check-size

```bash
npm run check-size
```

> Checks the to make sure that the compiled & gzipped bundle doesn't exceed 65k.

Reviewer: Let's avoid putting a specific size in the readme since it will eventually become out of sync. How about we go with something like this instead:
```suggestion
Checks the to make sure that the compiled & gzipped bundle doesn't exceed the recommended size limit.
```

Author: 100% agree

> Checks the to make sure that the compiled & gzipped bundle doesn't exceed the recommended size limit.

Reviewer: Just noticed a small typo:
```suggestion
Checks to make sure that the compiled & gzipped bundle doesn't exceed the recommended size limit.
```

Author: The "commit suggestion" button is sooooo nice hahaha
